good afternoon here we are going to teach you
how to disassemble a radio from a nissan
navara year 2013
the main thing is to have the tool
suitable for clearing these
pieces this board looks compact but
this part is very essential this
part has to be disassembled with a lot
careful hopefully with a screwdriver or
a tip which allows us to access
she easily
upwards first when dismounting towards
up comes back
is the piece is hooked back
and up
it is very important to maintain the order of
the pieces then this screw is removed
which is the one that states the entire console
the screw that is here and here what
we take and pull back
We pulled back pulling back
face to ride previously I had
disconnected these
these connectors that are the ones that go to
air condition
and there the console stays outside then
we remove the four screws that are
there 1 2
3 and 4
we have the radio organize the bar
disassembled
in case you want to change this device
then we proceed with a poles search
to search
its current cables that all the
radios remember that we have the
positive direct that would be that
we have
the wire
of the lights we turn on the first
position and we look for the cable that
corresponds to the lights
what is the lights
you have to identify the cables for
know the three positives we have
all the berries usually have
these three cables
it's 20 light signal
the other is a positive director who does not
I would be missing the positive
sheet
in this case I'm going to install a
bluetooth system
now we are looking for positive sheet metal feet
we give him the contact he makes and we look
l
that's him
I cut them off the tester that is
the positive one called with that we had
identified the cables and the rest of
the parents the rest would be the hot ones
veneer lights or direct site
the negative negative
and it would not be leaving the cables of the
speakers would have been 2 467 say
7 goods corresponding to the
speakers
with that is the purpose of identifying the
cables but